to a new director.
We're going to use today's live show to talk to
you, to chat about things, and
basically, you can tell me whatever you
want and we can gossip for a while.  The
title of the live is basically to
bore me, these people are
listening to me, the content of this live
is, I mean, the title of this live is
basically to make fun of the
harassers
who have no other name, who
honestly think
that they are going to delete my channel,
these people really live in the world of lollipops, they
are truly incredible.  We've
seen it a ton of times over
time, but it makes me laugh so much to see
how honestly these people think they're
right, that that's the
craziest thing about this whole thing
really, that they're the most
harassing harassers in the world and they still
think that after attacking me in an
exaggerated way for weeks,
literally years, they think they're going to
delete my channel for responding to the
[ __ ] they're dedicated to doing.  But
anyway, it's basically a joke
to make fun of these pathetic people who are
too funny.   They
are too funny.  If you remember,
many years ago YouTube did work
with automatic reports and that was
a real mess, a really
big mess because you all know that for
a few hours, because of what
the criminal Wisby
Cook did, they deleted my channel for
a few hours because of a bunch of
fraudulent reports they gave me.
and then they gave me everything back a
few hours later, but it did
work automatically at that time
.  It doesn't work that way anymore
, and it
certainly won't again.
But anyway, that makes me laugh too much
, eh,
how pathetic they are.  They are too
pathetic.  Beautiful Mica,
huge kiss.  Thank you very much for being here.
Guys, all new members, don't
forget to join the
Discord subscriber chat here on
Discordalas.  You are most welcome to enter
for those 18 years and over.  Included
with your YouTube or Patreon membership
is access to the Discord subscriber chat for those over
18.
And Valeria, you're so gorgeous.
Now he always keeps his beard if he doesn't
like it.
Um, I don't have that much beard
right now, I mean, I
've only had it for, I do
n't know what this is, 5 days.  No, it
's not about growing a beard, growing a beard.
Growing a beard is when I had it like
something like that.  That's what I call growing a beard,
as I've been able to grow a beard up to here more or less
.  That was having a beard, a
beard, but not now.  Right now it
is, it
barely has any.  No, I don't have any.  It's
just a light shadow.  And it's not about
leaving it, really, it's from JZ that I
haven't shaved.  That's all really.
But yeah,
eh, thanks, Valeria, gorgeous.  A
very good question,
really, a very good question.  Um,
but
anyway, if you're
new here, I recommend watching the live stream
while you sleep, uh, while you watch
something, clean the dishes,
drive, or whatever you feel like.  These
streams are basically for me to chat
with you, for you to tell me your
gossip, and if you want, we can also
rate your Instagrams during this
live stream.  I think I'm going to do a
live stream exclusively
scoring Instagrams and captions.
We're going to do a live stream of that,
Instagram and foot score.  That
's what I'm going to do live.
We say at the time that we were going to do it,
but I have never done it.
Nothing.  It's hard to have pretty feet,
huh.  I have very nice ones, I must
say.  I have very nice ones.
These bites of yours make me laugh so much.
Dalasito, I love you so much.  Orange heart.   They
joke about me from where I'm already very
handsome.  There are many lost people and I
send you a big kiss, you loser.  No, the
truth is that they just need to do eh
Yes, nose too, nose.  By
nose.  It's difficult, it's very difficult to have a
pretty nose, really.  At least from the
factory.  It is very very difficult.
Hey, my birthday.  Yes, I'm going to spend it
with my family.  That's what I'm going to do on
my birthday.  I'm going to spend it with my
family,
basically.
No, I'm not serious.  I have very
pretty feet, eh, I tell you honestly, I have
feet, I
mean, I think you really haven't
seen men's feet more beautiful than
mine.  I'm serious, okay?  I'm
serious.  Well, just looking at my hands, you
can see that they are very pretty.  You
can see it, you can observe it.   I
really have very pretty hands,
I must say, eh, not to
brag, but I think my hands are
especially very pretty.  I don't know what
you'll achieve, but I
honestly think so.  Well, feet are the
same.
No, I don't get my manicure done
anywhere, I mean, I just like to
keep
them
clean.
I like it, I like it.  In fact, I always
have the nail clippers around here because I don't
like having them dirty and whenever I
see them dirty or whatever, I basically start
cleaning them
.
Also, I found it really funny because,
uh, I
don't know, I don't know what this comment was about,
I think it was too random.  Well, I'm not
going to tell you, I'm not going to tell you, I'm not
going to tell you it's because it's private,
but well, basically I take good care of myself,
okay?  I take good care of myself in essence.  I
take good care of myself.   I take
great care of myself and I take great care of the
hygiene of my hands and feet.
So, I always keep them in good
condition.
No, I have a picture of my feet on
Patreon.  I have a picture of my feet on
Patreon.  Yes,
if you want to see it.
Thank you, Valeria.
Good with or without a beard, but better without, you
look younger.
Besera, gorgeous.  I send you a
big kiss, perdi.  I mean, there are sort of
divided opinions on this,
honestly.  There are people who liked it better
with, there are people who liked it better without. In
fact, since we're here live,
we're going to do a poll.  Now we are going
to do a survey.
Survey.
With or without a beard?
With
without.
Come on, let's get rid of any doubts.
Yes, I cut my own hair.  That's how it is.   Let's
see, he wins with, but he doesn't win by the
majority that I expected him to
win, because usually there's more
movement from people who say with,
but it's really not that much, I mean, 65 35
isn't that much of a difference, let's say.
It's that I'm really varying, I'm really
varying a lot.
Honestly, I always vary a lot
.
Well, tell me some gossip.  I want to
hear your little gossip, little things
you want to tell me, okay?  If you have
any gossip, I'd love to know.
Tecnobels, lots of them here, beautiful.
Yes, yes, the end of Dallas right now.
The end of Dallas is just around the corner
.  The end is coming soon.  It's
amazing how the ball keeps rolling
since 2016, huh?  I mean, it's something
unstoppable.  I mean, there's no way to
stop it.  It's totally irrelevant what you
do, what you say, how you move, how
you behave.  It doesn't matter at all, it's
totally irrelevant.  There will
always be failures behind
me, but with a
tough obsession, eh?  But it's a hard, hard,
hard obsession,
I swear.  Exaggerated.
Edin, a big kiss.
Hello, beautiful, gorgeous, precious,
busty, massive, mammoth, and
above all, with good taste and
knowledge, like your fondness for
Orchata water or your assertion that
Saitama beats Goku.
You either [ __ ] or make love.
Messy face.   I
love you.  Lots of kisses and hugs.
This is a very good question, huh?
This is a very good question.  I'm going to
some other live shows, but I'm going to do it here
again because a lot of people
maybe don't know, but a lot of people
think that I'm tough or r or rude, but
the truth is that what I
like the most is,
uh, affection in a good way.  I mean, I'm
all about hitting and all that stuff.
I know there are a lot of girls who like it,
but it's not my thing, honestly.  I know
this is something that surprises a lot of people
because they think that what I
like is hitting during that type
of relationship, but the truth is, I don't.
No, it's not something I like.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Better shirtless.  It just can't be.  I watch
all the streams and I just missed you
when you were giving us a show.  I demand
again, since in Venezuela it is Christmas,
even though I am Colombian, I celebrate.
No, that's not going to happen anymore.  Mariana,
kiss, great, beautiful.  I love you very much.
Hello, Dalasito.  Could you do a
flashback by putting the green screen in
full white?  XD
Eh, I could, but I don't have any
blank images right now to do it.
Why do you want me to do that?
Dalasito, my love.  Bright heart is
my first tip.  We're always here waiting
for when you finally decide to announce your
gamer boy milk.  Very
sweet, dear.  Tasting food
sparks.
Hey, can you imagine selling that?  What
danger would that be?  Because someone can
try to get pregnant with some sperm that is
left around.   I
send you a huge kiss, my Dallas.  I
like you with a beard.  The haters are going to
close your channel.  Face twisting with
laughter.  Face twisting with laughter.
Tomorrow comes, tomorrow comes.  A
big kiss.  Thank you so much for being
here.  Laura de Len, how are you,
gorgeous?  I've seen you for a long time.   You
would make your partner forget your
birthday on several occasions.
Man, that's strong, huh?  It's strong,
honestly.  No, I don't think it's something
forgivable, honestly.  It seems
too strong to me.  In other words, if your partner
forgets your birthday several
times, it means there's a complete lack of interest
on their part, because it's happened to you
, your partner has forgotten
your birthday several times.  Thank you
ngeles, thank you Sheila, beautiful,
I appreciate you so much, considering where you're from.  And
thank you Valia Carrasco, gorgeous, I
don't know if I remember Carrasco, thank you very much
opinion I'm dating
someone.
He has vices, marijuana and alcohol.  I don't
do any of that and he tells me he's going to
quit for his health.  I believe him or what do I do?
If he doesn't do it now, he's not going to
do it.  So simple, do it now or I'll
leave you.  And then you see if he's really
going to do it or not.   You're
probably hesitating.  But what's
more, someone who is already
smoking marijuana for real, a person like that
is really capable
of changing their mindset and then
actually agreeing with you.  In my
experience I think not.
But well, Isabela Carrasco, you are
related to Valrasco
who appears one after the other.
I find it very curious.  Yeah, Alaba
Alabaladejo,
thanks for being here.  It's your real last name
and please post a message next
time.  Thanks Pubagem, I send you a
huge kiss.
Thank you Vicente Navas, I appreciate it
very much.  Of course.
Oh, guys, I have something.
Now you can give me a rating
@vnvs
4.0.  A big hug,
6 years and you're the only one I donate to.
Thank you very much, a huge kiss.
When we talk about clothes.   It's
really hard, isn't it?  Let's see,
now I'll answer you properly.  Um, I
like you when
Dallas, my father settled a year ago
like this and now this raplanista face
crying loudly.  He was a
rational person.  I tried to debate her first, but she
didn't listen to Face Crying Loud.
No, it's incredible how social media
has made the population stupid.  And I'm not
just talking about TikTok, I'm talking in general,
okay?  There are so many people
spreading stupid information that it
's crazy. There have never
been so many flat-earthers in the
history of humanity.  I swear,
eh, it's just exaggerated.  Planar therapists,
anti-vaccines, in other words, they're people who I
honestly don't know what's going on in their heads
.  Exaggerated, I swear.  Hey,
hey, Lin, what can I say to you?  H, I'm
so sorry about your father.  Thank goodness
you inherited
the brain cells that one of the two
sides of the family had, because my goodness,
with your father, how terrifying, huh?
Awful.
Thank you Angela Serrano, I love you,
beautiful.
Big kiss.
You're hotter than tacos al pastor.
Hi, I'm not going to watch the whole live stream because
I have a game tomorrow, but here's my
contribution, darling.
Thank you very much, F, very handsome.  I send you
a big, precious kiss.  How have you
been?  that very good and that very good
game.  What is football or what is it about?
V for full.  Lots of handsome people here.
Thank you for being here.  Thank you Isabela
Carrasco.  Uh,
as far as I know, we're not family.  Oh, okay,
about Valeria.  Um, I
mean, someone who already becomes
addicted to marijuana or alcohol or that
kind of thing, even if they later quit,
unless it's a very specific social context that caused them to
end up
falling into it, you can really say
that that person will later make
good decisions in their life.  It's like these
people who pay everything in
installments, I don't know them, but I
know them through friends who have
friends who pay everything in installments and it's
like, why do you do that?  And they also pay for stupid things in
installments, small things,
like, something for 50 and they pay for it in installments
and it's like, what do you do?  That is, you
realize that those 50 will later
become 100, 150, 200 just because
you have decided to pay it in installments.  It's like,
hm, people have no conception of what it
means to spend money at any
time.  I think the only loan
worth taking out is a mortgage.  I do
n't know if it's theft, but you
really have no choice, it's either that or
rent.
Gorgeous Maca, because of you I became gay like
Gogourri, even though he doesn't want to come out of the
closet.  My little friend Gogo, how have you
been?  A little kiss,
a big kiss, gorgeous.  I'm so glad you
found your love with Gogo Rui.  There
you have a very strange three-way relationship,
huh?  Kiss, I send you a huge kiss.
Between Gor Puerco and you, you have a
very curious three-way relationship.
Thank you so much, Maca, I
really appreciate it.  Oh, by the way, guys, one thing I
found out very hard, very
hard, very hard.  I have gossip about
yesterday's gossip.  Well, I'm going to tell you
two things, okay?  Remind me of the gossip,
the gossip yesterday, and I'm going to tell you
something first.  Today I finally finished
programming Rixi's TikToks.
Ok, I finished programming them today
and I have compiled and uploaded the
update for both versions.  It's
not proven yet, but I hope that tomorrow
or maybe the day after
you don't grow a beard or
poop particles will stick to your face when you cry out
loud.  Did you see the Electrolit controversy
that Mister?
Well, look, I haven't seen him
sold to influencers yet when he
sold himself to Redxon.  You're still like grandpa's penis
.  Unstoppable.
Thanks Cesar, very handsome.  I love you a
lot.  I haven't looked into it in depth
, but the first one to
promote it was the Jerss Navy.  Do you
remember her saying
that water doesn't hydrate?
The nonsense that was said was
why people started talking about the
Marina Jers.  Whether you like it or not.  It's been
4 years since then, huh?  And no, 5 years of that.
Wow, how time flies, mate.  What a
barbarity.  time passes by, it's scary,
huh?  It's exaggerated.  It's exaggerated how
time flies.  Um, well, anyway, I
've finished updating
Rixi.  Now you can visit the
fragments and basically see the fragments of the
books that appear
within the application.  There's one thing
I forgot to do, I just
thought about it, I didn't set it to do
automatically.  There you have to hit the
fragments that are in the middle.
Well, it doesn't matter now with the
next update because I have to
upload another update as well so
that the comments that have
been left for you as the creator can be seen.  But
well, that's it, that point one is already there
and you'll have it soon,
maybe tomorrow or the day after.  Well,
and here's where another thing comes in.  Dino,
very handsome, very handsome.   Will it
have a purpose, I say because from now until you
take it up again?  because you are busy with
other things.  It will already dominate all
multimedia entertainment.
The truth is a very good question,
honestly.
That's a very good question, honestly.
Um, let's see, it's actually a very
good question, right, Dino, I'm
serious, I think she still has
a little bit to go to be able to master
the videos?  I don't think it will be in a
decent enough state to
generate well-made videos that
people would be interested in watching, or at least
things like series or similar.  I
estimate about two more years.  In two
more years, we might start
seeing well-made series with
gossip videos.  I bring you some gossip that makes my
blood boil.  Yesterday I was having dinner
with my mother, sister and some
close friends from another family.
Mothers, I was calm and out of nowhere
my sister asks me, did your imaginary girlfriend break up with you
?
Jessie, Jessie in my heart.  Thank you
Jess, gorgeous.  Thank you so much for
being here.
It's been a while since I've been here.
How is everything?
How long has it been, at least with a
raised eyebrow?
Well, I don't know if you're the Jessie I
remember, but if she's the Jessica I
remember, at least it'll be a year
without you coming around here, right?  Or something like that.
Bes grand Jess, thank you so much for being
here.  Thank you so much.  Sending you
a huge kiss, Jess.  Thanks a lot
.  Kiss me.
No, no, but the campaign is against
Electrolit.  The president launched a
campaign to impose more
taxes on it because it's a sugary drink
and is sold as oral serum.  The
problem is that many influencers
sold out and were given the script.
Ah, I mean, they sold out to criticize it,
you mean?  He wouldn't come here to
criticize him, really, eh, the
Shane Bound thing and his robberies are
shameless, eh, I swear.  It's totally
ridiculous.  He really knows no
shame.
Hi Dallas, just came to say hello,
gorgeous kiss.  Thank you for being
here, but I send you a huge kiss.
Thank you so much for stopping by.  Thank you
so much.  Thanks for stopping by.
Thank you so much.  Thank you, Luz
Ruid, I appreciate it so much.  I send you
a huge kiss.
Yes, yes, of course it's bite, Luz,
of course it's bite em I send you a
huge kiss, eh.
Hey, what was I going to tell you?  I have to
look at it.  I have to look at it,
honestly.  I have to look at it.  I'll look at it
tomorrow.  Tomorrow I'll watch it and
record it.
What was I telling you?  Ah, yes.  Do you
remember yesterday's live show?  What I
told you about the gossip about me having
hired a girl who was a friend of
this other one,
who started trying to fool me in order to
divert her attention from her fooling
herself.  Piece of ridiculousness.  Do you remember?
No, and I told you there was another girl that I
hired who was 21 or 20 or 21 years old who
was that age
and I paid her a lot of money to
do different things.  Do you remember?  It
's not a basketball game, but I haven't
slept very well, so I'm going to
try to sleep from now on.  If
I have you in the background, I hope to sunbathe with you xd.   I
wish you a great
basketball game and hope you win.
Very handsome, very handsome, very tall.
Very big.  Nothing, put it on in the
background, try to rest, put it on low
so you can take a nap before
tomorrow when you have to rest.  I'm
sending you a very large full mink.  Fantreo,
thank you very much.  I'm also
exhausted from the gym.  This is the
4-year long-distance relationship I had.  It ended
in January of last year and I recently managed to
get over it.  I don't see the need to make
such a disgusting comment in public and
mock her when she has never had a single
healthy or lasting relationship.
Fantro.
Fantro, fantro, fantro, fantro, fantro.
Baby,
my prince, my king.
Come here.
Come here, come here, come here.  Give me a
hug here.  Let me whisper something in your
ear.  Fantro,
what the hell were you doing in a
long-distance relationship?  I'm going to fall for everything, huh?
What the [ __ ] were you doing, huh,
dude?  And he was doing the fool, like
4 years in a long-distance relationship.
I [ __ ] on everything, eh?  I [ __ ] on everything
shittable.  Fantro, I [ __ ] on everything, eh?
Fandro is very bad, huh?  It's
literally one of the first
things we talk about here that you
shouldn't have, uh, which is a
long-distance relationship.  What do you mean, a
long-distance relationship?  That's not a relationship.  Let's
see.  The only thing that separates a
friendship from a relationship is having
relationships that are over 18.
If you don't have that with your partner, you don't
have a partner, you have a male or female
friend,
it's not a relationship, okay?  What it is is
torture.  A torture where
you're expected to be faithful to someone who doesn't
even exist in your life at all,
where there's a lot of nonsense and fights and
nonsense,
where at the same time you're often in
long-distance relationships and having other
long-distance relationships.
That's, that's good to have when, I don't
know, when you're a kid and you're
talking to other kids at the Java Hotel
.  Okay, that's it, that makes sense.
I had them, eh, when I was
12 years old, talking on Messenger with
my Messenger girlfriend.
A long-distance relationship.  True,
friends, they rub it in my face that she's better off with
him than with me.  Knowing that it's Pro
Palestine is enough to make me laugh.
What a [ __ ] laugh.
Oh, Fantro.  The thing is, when you
get into those things, it ends up
driving you crazy.  I mean, how are you going to
be in a
long-distance relationship for 4 years?  I mean, the thing is that it
's absurd Fantroy.  And I'm not saying this
because I want to make fun of you as your
sister.   I've been
seeing you for 8 years and I'm already
looking forward to talking to you.
I'll be watching the
live streams these days to talk with my hands raised
in celebration.
Thank you, Daniel, handsome.  I send you a
huge kiss.  Tell me a little about yourself,
where you're from.  Tell us some gossip
too if you want like Fandro.  Morme.
Thanks a lot.
But you can have
long-distance sex, just turn on Bluetooth and
send your semen via radio waves.  If
you want, you can stick your dick in the
charging port of the cell phone, one of the
best relationships I've ever had.   It
is a suffering.  I mean, you're just there
to suffer.  Let's get one
thing straight, relationships are a pain,
okay?  Let's go
and 99% of them end badly
because otherwise they wouldn't end.  Okay, if
they weren't bad they wouldn't end.
Relationships in general are arguments,
suffering, nonsense, etc., etc.c.
The exception is very rare.  Very rare, very rare,
very rare, very rare.  My relationship spends
more time arguing than being
good.  You spend more time saying, "Oh, I had
a fight with him. Oh, I better not
write to him. Oh, he's not writing to me.
Oh, do you want to talk? We're
arguing again."  Oh no, not again,
man.  That's enough, that's enough.
Foolishness.  My [ __ ] favor.  Seriously, I
wasted my time like that [ __ ] way.
Get to work, get to work,
damn it.  So much waste of time, so much
nonsense.  Well, that's how most
relationships are.
But if there is one good thing about
relationships, one and only one, that,
[Music]
is what makes relationships good.  And
if you can't even have that, why do
you have a relationship? What for?
What is the objective?
Which?
Which?  It's just that I'm truly
more surprised by this kind of thing every day.
So you say, "No, I'm in a
long-distance relationship."  So you have
all the bad and none of the good.
Okay, okay.  Well, hey, Fantro, you don't have to
be sad, you have to
be happy.
It's like leaving a cult, you know?  He
literally came out of a cult.
Well, I was more shy at the time and my
options for going out were limited, so it
was like losing someone who had supported me
emotionally for years.  She was my
friend and even more so while my family was
disgusting and did all kinds of
dirty things to me.   I
understand you, Fantro, I understand you, I
understand you,
but it was a relationship, she was a friend,
because if it had been a relationship you
would have been there enjoying the whole
thing, but no.  And the thing is,
you say, "Oh, how well he treated me."  Sure,
when you were together.  But it's to say
that you weren't arguing for a long
time.  How did it end?  Why
did it end?  What happened?
There is another one.  Clearly there is another one.  It is more
than obvious.  He cheated on you 100%.
and she will have told you no, she will have made you
believe that no, that you are the one who is
crazy and that in reality, eh, you are
behaving badly with her because you want to
control her.  Some style nonsense.
If all relationships are repeated,
literally all relationships are
repeated.  Change the genders if you are a
woman and have a male partner who has
done something like this to you.  It is literally like that.   It
is literally like that.  So
what's the point, Fantro?  What's the
point of wasting time like this?  It doesn't
make any sense.  Enough
, let's stop wasting time,
nonsense.  Get to work.
You can't, Fantro.  Look.
Meanwhile, she had a relationship
in the xddddd.  Back to the gossip, how
stupid is this chick who sold LOL
Icon.  He entrusted his reputation and integrity
to random people he doesn't know at all because they are
clients.  Glad to hear it.  XD.
What I was going to tell you about that is exactly what I was going to tell you.
Do you remember I told you about the girl who
was a friend of hers and that I met her through her, who
was like 20 or 21 years old?  Do you
remember?
I started searching and couldn't understand why I could
n't find his Discord.  And it
turns out that he had changed his name,
okay?  Because before it was called Rumai and
suddenly the name of all the places changed
and so,
like a good Puritan, I'm waiting
until marriage with my current girlfriend
while Gogo and I do it, but there's
no problem there.  No, Muac
Domino
temporarily
lives in the USA.  I've been following you since 2016,
red heart, when you were a 10-year-old sister.
Can you rate me too, please?   Of
course, darling.  A band,
thank you very much.  Oh, I didn't rate
this other guy.  I
don't see you well because of this other guy because, I mean,
the photos are very strange.  Now I must tell you very well about
the gym.  That's how I like it.  The style is not the one
I like the most, so I don't know, let's say
a 6 and a half, but because I don't like the
style you wear.  If you styled yourself better
and dressed up more, you'd be
better off.
And let's
see, eh,
you a
7 and a half.  Yes, you take good care of yourself.  I like it.
Mias, a few days ago I had a very
crazy dream.  I dreamed that we were going to a party
together.  Face twisting with laughter.
Face twisting with laughter.  Although
I wouldn't mind if it came true.
[Music]
Thank you, Laura.  I'm going to tell you something
about that.
Nothing to do with the topic.  But do you think it
's a job to talk to someone and get them to
give me $2,500
a month?   Ha ha.
Although I feel like he's going to rip my
organs out.
Yes, yes, but exactly how did
that relationship come about?  Is he a
monetary submissive?  So a tip.
I just found out that while he was having
sex with me he didn't break up with me,
but he was seeing me while I
was like a fool.  I feel bad, but he
told me it wasn't always.  I'm
exaggerating.
Look, Marina, I'm going to be very honest with you.
If you were doing that, it's because you're not
putting enough into it.
That's right.  And this doesn't mean that you
're not hot, I've never seen you
, okay?  Maybe you are really
hot, but maybe hm, even though
you can put it on
or have put it on for a while, you
don't put it on the same anymore.  And there are a lot of
people who are like that, who are like what they've already
seen doesn't turn them on enough, or maybe
what doesn't turn them on is what you
were doing or how you were
doing it, I don't know exactly what you
were doing, but
you're exaggerating for what exactly,
because what's the deal here
exactly?  I don't know what kind of
relationship you have either.  Mm.
But what is clear is that if he had to
watch other things while he was
doing things on webcam with you, it's because you're
not giving him enough attention.  Either what you
're doing isn't putting enough into it
or you're not putting enough into it.  And if he doesn't
recognize it, it's because it's
not, it's not going anywhere
.  And what I'm going to tell you, Laura,
look, at the end of
2000, beginning of 2016,
yes, more or less since the end of 2015,
but very, very end, until the beginning
of 2016, I went out a lot.  She has like
four boyfriends with the pig, Meca, Benja
and ngel.  I'm sure she has more boyfriends and is
hiding them.  Well, it has a whole
aren of manes.  Well, nothing, I'm happy
for them.
Fruity, very handsome.
Much more enormous.  Thank you so much.  Um,
what was I saying?  Ah, yes, that's why we
went out to party a lot, because
I was also friends with the manager of a
really cool nightclub that was
in Barcelona at the time and he
was constantly inviting people out.  That said,
if you look at my Instagram from back in the day
, you'll see I have a ton of
photos with
girls, we're not going to deny it,
honestly.
I mean,
I'm not going to ask men out.
Obviously I'm not going to ask men
out.  Well, if you look at my Instagram from
that time and start scrolling down, you'll see
that I have a ton of photos with
a ton of different girls, so that's
basically what I was going out for, basically.   I
mean, it was, like, I was going out to
party and I was like, "Who do you
want to go out with?"  And well, and she was basically going out
,
but someone started telling lies
about me and she believed it all.  I
wasn't toxic, I didn't restrict her, I
boosted her self-esteem as much as I could,
and she ended up blaming me for her
low self-esteem and calling me manipulative.
But hey, Fantro, what a [ __ ] crazy woman.   I'm
going to talk to you to tell you that you
helped me through bad times in my life.
Your videos help a lot.  I wanted to
thank you.  You helped me and
everyone.  Red heart.
Big kiss, Daniel.  Thank you
so much, handsome.  And I send you a
big, beautiful kiss.  Thank you so much for
the lovely message.  I really
, really appreciate it.  Daniel,
really, thank you so much.  Tell me
a bit of gossip about yourself if you want
something funny about yourself.  Ah, I answer you
well, Fantro.   Ha ha.
I wanted it to be anonymous.  Well if you
've seen me, you rated me.  Well, I'm
really angry, I
don't remember.
I felt like I was worthless and it made me
question everything.  Even now my
self-esteem has dropped a lot just because of that,
because I want to break up with him.
The question is, how exactly did you find out about
that?  Because he told you or
how it happened exactly.   I
talk to him and he gives me money, but he
always insists that I go see him in
his country, so I feel it's weird.  Pte
I want dagasito.
Wait a moment.  Len, I missed
some
Ah, okay, okay, okay.  From 2500. Okay,
okay, okay.  Um,
I mean, you're basically
a high-value kept woman, right?
In essence the role you are playing.
Look, I'd be careful about
going to see him,
because who has to pay for
female attention?  No, I mean, who
pays for that kind of stuff?  Mm.
No, men who are very
good at what they do, I don't know.  Uh, the question
is, do you like leng or do you just
like that he gives you money?   I
mean, um,
sure, it's one thing to talk from a
distance and say, "Well, it's fine that he gives me
money, but it's another thing to
like the guy or not like the guy."
That's where the point really is.  Don't
know.  I need more context on
this.  Len, and then Fantro, look, I
'm going to tell you something, okay?  You say,
"It helped me so much to overcome the
abuse from my parents."
Okay, if all the time you spent on
this sick piece of [ __ ] had been
spent on your own startup, you
'd probably be a millionaire by now.   You'd
probably, most likely,
be a millionaire by now.  that you would have your
first million dollars in the bank,
but since you decided to dedicate 4 years
of your life, full time, to a
toxic piece of [ __ ] who on top of that ends 4 years
in such a way that she
literally doesn't even talk to you, literally doesn't even talk to you
and blames you for all her
ills, what you've managed to do is
waste [ __ ] time, literally, that
's the only thing you've done, wasted
[ __ ] time.  Oh, I needed her to
help me with my
family traumas.  Do you know what helps overcome
your family difficulties?  Get out of your [ __ ]
house.  And you know how to get out of your [ __ ] house
with money.  It's that simple.  It's that
simple.  It's that simple.  So,
Fantro,
think about it, value your goals in
life, okay?  Because, hm, if there is something
I regret, and I tell you this with
reason
of existence, it is the amount of time
that I dedicated to women years ago.
Literally, but luckily, I still put
a lot of time into work, too, okay?
But the time I told
women, especially during my
teens and early 20s,
was
absurd, absurd.  And what good did it do me?
Eating pus like a god.  Okay.  And that
benefits the other one here.  No, I
doubt you remember.  It's my
birthday and I'm giving you the last dollars I
have on my card.  Don't do that.
The subscription to remain active on
Discord and as I know you'll ask.  I didn't
do anything today.  Just work.  I'll
be watching you now.  Kisses.  Thanks for everything,
Dallas.
But don't do that, man.  If you
only have that on the card, it
's not. It's not just 18. We just talk normally.
Yalen, but that's not my question.  My
question is if you like the man, because
if you like the man,
that's fine.  Go see him if you feel like it.  Be
careful, eh, this smells bad.  But if
you don't like it, don't go see it.  It doesn't make
any sense.   He
asked me for my Cloudwood to
try out a free VPN.  and he recorded me
doing this, it didn't bother me and when
recording the screen it looked like I went from the
video tab or call to the gallery and he
came with a onlyaner.  All your
photos were transferred to my gallery.
How hard,
right?  Of course, I thought I was
seeing maybe not because, I mean, what I
imagined in my head was that I
was maybe seeing, right?  Because of, I don't
know, a specific situation, you don't
know, I thought that, I mean, it's that of course, it's
one thing for you to say, no, it's one
thing to see a single person and another
thing to see, let's say, an act that you
like, right?  For example, I don't know, to give
examples, I don't like these, but
there are people who, for example, like
things like doing things in public.
Not me, I hate that, okay?  But there are
people who like that.  So in
my head I was thinking, maybe he was
seeing something from a situation that
makes him, "No, but if he's seeing another one,
literally another one,
well, there isn't much of a situation there."
The truth,
the truth is that she is strong, Mariana,
I must tell you, she is strong.  And what was it?
What excuse did he give you?
Hello handsome.  There goes another
silly gossip.  I was with a guy who
promised me the sky and stars in
bed, and he lasted less time than the electricity in
Venezuela.  I don't like men very much
and when one catches my
attention it always happens the same way,
smiling face with closed eyes.
Literally, Pinat Butter, I
swear, so many women have told me, so
many times that men have told them
that they have skills that don't
have the Nobel Peace Prize.  What do you
think about that?
Mara Coina won the award.  But that
seems like nonsense to me.  I mean, it doesn't make
any sense.  Look, I
support what he does, but it seems
silly to me.  Peace of mind, what is it that seems
absurd to me, huh?  The Nobel Peace Prize
must go to Trump after
the Israeli-Gaza war ended.
That should be the
peace prize.  Oh no, but Trump is so
bad that a corporation is going to control
Gaza.  Ah, the best thing is that they are
bombing all day long, right?  The
worst of them, I swear they don't think,
huh?  They don't think.  Neurons are
literally two.  Ridiculous.  In the end.  Uh,
that's it, kiss from Jan and Pinat Sr., as you
're saying, there are many girls who
have told me that many boys tell them they
have skills that they really don't
have.
I'm already at that stage, don't worry.
Where do you think I get the money to
talk to you here?  In relationships you
meet a lot of crazy and toxic people.
Soon I'll be away from the vipers that
are my family, and I'll have more things of my
own.  Anyway, thanks, Dalito.
I'm very glad to hear that, Pantro.  Hey,
what did you manage to do?
Maybe I can give you some advice on
something.  And yes, I mean, look at how
ridiculous she is, I mean,
you've seen her at least once in your life.
Seriously, there are so many toxic women out there who
can be made to do exactly what
you did.  It's like they
turn everything around and their goal isn't to
say, "Hey, look, this has bothered me so I can
try to clear it up," but rather their
goal is to make you feel as bad as
possible to break up with you,
when in reality what's happening to
them is that they have someone else and they want to
break up with you by
playing the victim.  That's
super common, but it's super common, not just
in women, eh, in men too.  But I've
seen it many times, I've seen it
many times, too many
times.
Um,
anyway, what was I saying?  Ah, yes,
Pin Butter.  That thing that a lot of guys have
told me is that they pretend to have skills they do
n't really have and then it ends up
being crap.  I don't.  Okay, there's no
way I can prove this to you, but I
really, honestly, am too
good at what I do.  Too,
too good at what I do.  Well,
I don't need to prove it, okay?
You've all seen how obsessed
some people are with me.  For bad,
unfortunately, this is another point
too.  What exactly did
acquiring the skills I have do for me?
If not only do the skills not
benefit me, but they benefit
them and what benefits me is that they
obsess over me.   It just does
n't make any sense.
All its stages.  First he told me he
watched videos imagining it was me, but
then when I told him then
why are you watching a woman doing exactly the
same thing as me, he went silent, I got
angry and I haven't spoken to him since.
Mariana, are you trying to tell me that I
rated you and your boyfriend
?
and that your boyfriend had said something about
you, that he was laughing at you for
something or he's someone else that I
'm confusing myself with right now.   I do
n't know if it was you, it was
someone else who also started with m.
But maybe your boyfriend said
something.
How was that?  I don't know if it was you or
if it was someone else, to be honest.  I'm not
really sure, honestly.  Don't know.   I
don't know if it was you or someone else, but
Mariana, let's see, honestly, by
the way, guys, the one with the beard won
by 62%.
62%.
Um,
well, uh, I don't know if it was you or
someone else.  Roman, very handsome.
Corina also said that the one who really
deserved it was Trump.  He was even one
of the people to whom he dedicated the
award xd.  It's silly, but it's
satisfying that Chvez, someone who
looked down on 1900, wanted that award
and never got it.
Who is MCM?  Ah, Maria Colina Machado.
And I didn't know that Chvez had
missed Mara Colina Machado, to be honest.
And Chavez, what a disgusting guy,
honestly, huh?  And Maduro too, what a
disgusting guy.  It's all so disgusting,
I swear.  It's something that I don't think
will ever change or it's very difficult for it to
change in Venezuela, honestly.
Too difficult.  But yes, the truth is
that Mara Corina doesn't see her winning the
peace prize, right?  Because he was going to deserve it.   It
doesn't make any sense,
honestly.  They had to give it to
Trump, literally.  They gave it to
Obama, to Obama the same year he
dedicated himself to bombing I don't know how many
countries.  I mean,
nonsense.  It is purely political.  That
nonsense is of no use.  I
remember when I was little
I wanted, I had like the dream of
winning an Oscar and as the years go by now my
fear is that I will win it one day.  That's my
real fear, because if you win an Oscar
it means it was the most left-wing, the
most repulsive, the shittiest movie there
ever was.  And if
not, look at the number of Oscars
that this piece of [ __ ] movie was nominated for,
like this one where Gmez is seen
giving cringe.  Oh, what's the name of the
movie?  I made a video about it.   I
don't remember if that was the name anymore.
What was the name of this movie?  I don't
remember anymore.  Well, you know what
that's about.  Emilia Perez.  Emilia Perez.  Emilia
Perez.
Uh, yeah.  I mean, the Oscar is [ __ ] and the
Nobel Prize is also another tremendous piece of
disgusting garbage.  It doesn't make any
sense.  It's all political [ __ ] and
basically promoted by and for the
left.  For what reason?  Who knows.   I
don't have the slightest idea.  Why the
[ __ ] do they do that, honestly?  But they
do it, they do it.  It's a reality.
They do it constantly and it's pure garbage and
left without any kind of purpose.
Anyway, what was I saying before
this?  Hey, about Mariana, right?  Yes. Uh, it's
really strong, honestly,
yours is really strong, really,
Mariana.  I mean, the fact that the guy was
doing things with a girl
while you were doing things for
him, it seems to me, yes, it seems
enough to break up with him, because
here we're not talking about it being a
humiliation, it's a
brutal humiliation, honestly,
sincerely.  I mean, you've been cuckolded,
cuckolded on many
levels, honestly.  So I
understand why you're like this, and honestly, I don't
think so. Even if you decide to
forgive, it's no longer a question of
forgiving or not forgiving. It's that you're at the
point where you know the other
person has humiliated you to that level and
you feel so far below what you
should feel.
Look, a partner I had
years ago was unfaithful to me with several girls, and I
found out because the idiot opened his
WhatsApp while I was on the PC.
I'm cracking up.  What a laugh.  And of course, hm,
but the point is, you spied on him on
purpose, didn't you?  I guess from what
you're telling me, basically.
Um,
let's see,
I already told you this a long
time ago in other live shows I did.  In
fact, I made one playing Minecraft that I
later uploaded to Dra sin filtros, which
became the most viewed video after that
talking about exactly that.  You only
rated me, you gave me a 6.78.   I do
n't know what the sensible thing to do is
cut it off, but I think I'm still in shock.
I'm in my stage.  I'm so ugly.  Ha ha.   I
wanted to do it, anonymously.  What a shame,
now everyone knows.
Mariana, mm,
send your Instagram so I can rate you
again,
okay?
Nothing, it's just intolerable, really.   It
is intolerable.  Even if you forgive him,
even if you forgive him,
the problem is that you will then have
that thought permanently
in your head.  That's the biggest problem, you're going to have
that thought
constantly in your head and you're going to feel
permanently humiliated by that
person.  So, I think this is
one of those points
where you
never get to
these points in relationships where
you say, "I'm continuing, but you're continuing with
something that's broken, and the discussion will always come back to the
same thing."
The truth, the truth.   It
's terrible.  Uh,
uh, I'm so glad, Margot, I'm
so glad you liked it.  Uh, yeah, there
isn't much advice that
can be given.  Life is a [ __ ], and the
only thing you can do is promote and
spread news about
artificial intelligence, because the best
chance we have is to create
AI, that is,
absolute artificial intelligence,
that discovers medical advances beyond
our reach today.
It's the only way really.  Don't trust
the human being.  You have to trust that you
can do it, honestly.
No, no, no, there isn't much, there isn't much
other way out.  Margot, the trip is
[ __ ].
There's not much
to it,
honestly.
Um, I'm
so sorry for you, really,
Mariana.   I'm
so, so, so sorry for you,
but yeah, still.
That's breaking that relationship and getting to
work.
I think if I tell you a 6.7,
well, a 6, 7 or 8, that's a good
grade, right?  I mean, I give bad grades,
so if I gave you that grade, it's a
good grade.  If I say, I don't know why I said
6 7 8, maybe it's because you didn't
look good, but uh-huh.  E, how are you,
Lizy?  How long since I last saw you?   Oh
my God, Li.
No, I do have some friends who also,
uh, I have some friends who also,
notice that one of the things I
say the most, in fact, I separated the people into
boys and girls on my Discord.  I've seen
your videos about high-value women and
your opinions, but my family raised me
with the mentality that if a
man doesn't give me money or support me, he's no
good to me.  I'm 17 and I don't know
what to think after watching your videos.
Hey,
look, what you're going to get, if
you get a man like that, is a
man who's generally going to treat you
not as an equal, but as if you owe him
something.  You're going to have toxic relationships
for 90 years and longer, even if that was or
wasn't that type of man, it's going to be the case, but on
top of that, with a man who is dedicated to
paying for everything, do you really,
honestly, think that you deserve to be
paid for everything?  Because?  For
what reason?  What is it that you give, what do you do that makes
you deserve a man
paying you for everything?  Because it's not just the
logical reason that you can say
anything about.  And most women who
think this is because they say, "Oh,
because I give him sex. Hm. And doesn't
he give it to you too?"
Another thing is that, for example, you earn
little money and your partner does have money
and then, of course, it's not the same because
when there's a monetary difference, if
the other person wants to, I don't know, live in
a better place and you can't pay
half of that, well, the normal thing is that the
other person covers more expenses than
you cover, obviously.  But when it
comes to a relationship like that, where
I get paid for everything, what
exactly are you contributing that makes it
worth having what's yours be yours and what your
boyfriend/husband's be yours too?   It does
n't make any sense, it really doesn't
make any sense at all.
Pinter sends you beautiful.
I swear it was a
super awkward moment.  I didn't know how to eat and
when I was going to do it.  In the first
mm it ran.  I didn't complain about anything.
The poor guy had enough, but I don't
want to be with him anymore and he won't stop
writing to me.  I would give Yara mm classes
crying with laughter.
What a laugh, Pinat Butter, what a laugh.  Did you know
?   I
don't know if I should tell this.
I don't know if I should tell this because it's a bit strange, look, it's been very strange for me, it's not that I don't know, I don't remember completely right now, but it's been very, very strange, so strange that I think only one person has ever achieved it,
a girl achieving
the end with
that, only with that.
And it seems to me that most people do it wrong.
I mean, not only is it very, very, very
rare
for someone to achieve it, but it also
seems to me that 95% of people
do it badly, really
badly.  Honestly, there's
a lot of talk about men
giving bad
oral,
but the truth is that women are
terrifyingly bad, eh, they do it very
badly.  Dead, 95% of women over-requested
do it wrong, I'm telling you, right?
And of the few that do it well, they have rarely
managed to make me complete.   It's
ruining the atmosphere, but I'd like to
know your opinion on Edwin and
why you think he can still be in the
community, since I don't think the same.
Greetings and a hug too.  Beautiful night.
There we are with the haters spreading the same
old nonsense.  What more can I
say?  Apart from what I already said.
The guy is a communist leader of the
Workers' Front in Spain who is against
Snchez.   I do
n't have the slightest idea what
that fruity type is, so I don't have
the slightest idea.   That's
why I prefer to achieve my goals and
improve myself and not waste time with
toxic and stupid people.  I learned that from
you,
Laura, gorgeous, I send you a
huge kiss.  Um,
yes, I understand that I hadn't closed
WhatsApp.  I mean, I understood that part,
but I'm saying that, I mean, if you saw it
and investigated it, you
did it on purpose, I mean.  I
mean, you saw it open, yes, but
you investigated it afterwards.   I'm
currently dating a woman who
has a 5-year-old daughter, and although I do
n't see it as a challenge, I don't see it as a problem because she
treats me and makes me feel very nice.
We are considering living together.   Opinion
.
If you like children and want someone
else's child, good for you.  I wouldn't
do it.  I am not capable of doing that.
To begin with, because I hate children with
all my soul.  I can't stand them.  There's a reason he
tells me about a basectomy.  Uh, the question
is, why would you, who had a
basectomy,
consider raising someone
else's child?  Because of course, living together doesn't
mean living only with her, it also means living
with her daughter
and putting up with all the nonsense that
entails.   I
love you, Dallas.  I've never been able to donate on
one of your live streams, but
I need your videos every day.  Could you
please rate me?  Gu
of course, Tania is gorgeous.  I send you
a kiss.   Of
course.
Seriously, I'm freaking out about the haters with
this whole "
ugh,
what?" thing.  Wait.
I mean, this is how you were before
or how you are now.  No, it's like you were
before, isn't it?  Hey, that's a nice change, huh?
Very good change because you were
obese, I think
at least grade two obesity.  Hey,
you did a very good job, a very good
job.  Look, before you were a
one and a half, a two
[Music]
and now you're in a little
dalasita of my life, red heart, you
rate me, crying face
that sees my stories.  @sticking
out tongue.
Right now I think you're at a
7 and a half maybe.  Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
You made a very good change.  Very good
change.  You made a very good change.  That's how I
like it.  Good job.
Very good work.  That's how I like it.  If you
want, you can.  There are no excuses for
anything.  There are no excuses for anything.
Very good work.
[Music]
The same thing happens to me and it's that I'm not easy
to come.  Some even tell me
if they really liked it or if they are
sad, maybe it happened to you too.  Ha ha.
Bestand Daniel.   It's just that
honestly, most
women aren't good at it, really.  I won't
tell you 95% of them aren't good at it.  And what's
more, I
think that
60-70% of them don't do anything, maybe
they do, maybe 60-70% of them don't even do
well at moving around.  It's weird, huh?  Very
rare, very rare, very rare to find a
woman who looks good.  Um,
[Music] I do
n't know,
everyone wants to do all fours like,
why didn't I just delete the picture that
you told me to delete, but I put more
so you can rate me, Mariana 2.
Okay, Mariana, gorgeous.  Okay, now I
see it.  Now I see, that I am sensitive.
Let's see, let's see, let's see.  Mariana, Mariana,
Mariana, Mariana, Mariana, Mariana,
Mariana.  Look, I'm going to give you a 10, the
first 10 of all the streams.  There
you have
a 10, huh?  Your boyfriend is a jerk.
Leave it alone, clown.  How does it occur to you?
How does it occur to you?  Atrocious, sacrilege,
mentally ill.  There it is.  Leave that
ridiculous boyfriend.   You
don't deserve any of that.
Mariana, gorgeous.
Oh, how funny.  And Shake, well I don't know, a
seven too.
Gorgeous.
And Mariana, don't be depressed, really.
Now I understand why I gave you a six or
a seven or an eight, because you have
a lot of filter.  Now I understand.  You have
too much filter on the photos, so your
face doesn't look good.  Your face is literally not
visible.  Um,
but I don't know if, I mean, I said it as a
joke, eh, it wasn't so you asked me.
I found nude photos of myself and my
feet on my boyfriend's cell phone.  I don't know
how to tell you that I saw them.  I don't know how to
feel.
So, let's see if I understand,
they are photos that you sent him.
Because if you sent them, why wouldn't I
have them? I don't think I'm missing the
context of how exactly he gets those photos
.  You mean he
took them while you were asleep or
something?
Hi, my sweetheart.  I don't know if you
remember me.  I spend more time in the
shadows, but I always have you in the background.
The name sounds familiar.
A year ago I married my boyfriend, we've
been together for 12 years and we've
been living together for 3 years.  I can tell you that she is
the only person with whom I want to continue
experiencing all the good things in the world.
Let's see, let's see.  Come down to earth,
astronaut.  I don't like children, but I
tolerate them as long as they don't bother me.  Haha, I
got it done to do the deed without
worrying and I never considered being in
a situation like that, but I feel it's
worth it among the dregs of
society.  She is a girl of values.
Do you know what happens?  I have heard and
said those phrases so many times
, just like Mark BlackD, just like
you, Eves filters.  I've said it so many
times that I've ended up
regretting it. I
hear it from you all, and of course, it's not to
be mean,
but what you think the
other person is today, they won't be tomorrow.  And you don't
know what that person is like until you
leave them.
And it is a purely conditional love.  I
only talk to you and I love you if you are
with me.  If you're not with me, I hate you and I'm
never going to speak to you again
in my life, or I'm even going to
try to insult you.
So, all of you who are thinking, "No, it's just
that my partner is so hot that I don't know
what, it's not because he's with you."
How would it be when I stop being
with you?
Even when I'm in sandals he
takes me without my consent.   It
's funny, isn't it?  Really mine,
really.  Hey,
let me lighten things up a bit.
I think men do
mmds better and women eat
[ __ ] better.  Obviously there are
exceptions to the rule.  We know you're
a king on that subject.  Smirking face
.  I don't want to block it, but
it's a bit heavy.  XD
Tell him you don't feel like hanging out
with him anymore and that's it.  Either keep putting him off
and he'll eventually tire you out, or just
block him and that's it.  I don't know.  Uh, I don't
know.  of peinut butter.  Honestly, I've never had
a man eat me.
And it's not that I feel like it because I'm not
attracted to a man at all, but I
don't know, I don't know.  It's not a topic I've
talked about much with my gay friends either,
honestly, because they don't have any
experience with women either.  Mm, I do
n't know, I have no idea if that could
be or could not be, honestly.  Peinat
Butter, I don't know.
Um, I do
n't know, I don't know, I have no idea,
honestly.  It's something that
Dallas doesn't have relationships, doesn't have
children and doesn't know bis out of nothing.  Hi
Dallas, I'm in a long-distance relationship.
Hi Dallas, I'm in a relationship and
I'm taking care of a child that isn't mine.  Hi
Dallas, I got married today.  Greetings to Puerco
who lost 2 kg.
Literal,
literal.  Dallas, you're the only man
worth it.  I'm going to use my time
better to find a better job.
A big kiss, Mariana,
gorgeous.  Look, I hope you cry,
but from happiness,
okay?
Not in finding a job, in starting a
business.  It's just that, really, look, it
's not about bothering you, okay?
These relationships may not end badly,
but I repeat, you don't really know the
person you're with until
the relationship ends.  That's when you see, that
's when people show their true
colors, because before that everyone
pretends, everyone pretends, everyone promises you
the moon.  Everyone tells you I don't know what, I do
n't know how many, and you don't really see,
honestly, the person you
were with until you break up with them.  You don't
see it.   I
can confirm that being on top is
complicated.  It took me two years to
realize that I was doing it wrong before.
Luckily I've had plenty of practice and have already
graduated from the academy. I've only
donated to you twice before, but this is my
topic.  Fap cara
Argeri.  Thanks a lot.  Big kiss.
Gorgeous.  Yes I like it.  Yes I like it.
Well, I hope he's really
honest because maybe
your boyfriend has lied to you, I don't know, or not, well, I don't
know, the truth is, these two years are when you
usually learn more as a couple
than you learn being single,
because let's say people when they've just
met you, maybe they don't
have the confidence to tell you.  I myself have
n't had the confidence to tell
some girls, I don't like it.  It's
like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm liking it, I
'm loving it."
No, not really.  Um, but not to hurt
another person, right?  No, I mean, you don't do it
with the intention of lying, but it's
a white lie.  It's like, "I'm not going
to say anything bad to you because I'm going to break your
self-esteem here and that's not the idea
because, like, I like you and we're
here, so I don't want to hurt you."
But to you, without mentioning names,
eh, I tell you that most of them don't do it
well.   I
confirm that men mostly
give better [ __ ] to penises than
women.  I have tried both and I can
say that I am equally good with both and
I have been told from both sides that no one has
done them as well.  It's very common
to be bad at it.  Face crying laughter.
They can also lie about that.  That's
the world.  How do you know they were telling you the
truth?
What do you think about me wanting to be a national police officer
, but that I would have a problem
defending the government if there were
protests and you talked about Nepal?
Well, let's see, Fury, there are many types of
police, not all of them are in
riot gear.
It's the love of @puercoalopecico and @gogo they
love each other so much.  A friend
of theirs told me that they are getting married next week
.
How good, how good, fruitful.  Well, let them
record it, record the wedding and
stream it while they're at it.  So we
can all see it here.  We reacted
to it live.  Besid of fruitful,
very handsome.  A lot.  I send you a
huge kiss.
Prose.  Thank you so much.  A
lot.  spoil me.
Um,
uh,
anyway.  What was I saying all
this?  I don't remember.
What was he saying?  Man, I know I
was saying something and I cut myself
off, but I don't understand what I was
saying.
[Music]
How did you know they were telling you the truth?
Her orgasms.
That's a good point.  That's a very good
point, J. That's a very good point, but I
have to say that while men can't
fake them, women
can fake them
and most of them have faked orgasms more than
once to get out of a
situation they weren't enjoying so
as not to say they weren't
enjoying it.
It happens, it happens, it happens.
I know how I've avoided finishing
many reasons that I don't like.
Oli, I'll tell you a little bit of gossip from when I went on an
exchange to Italy a year ago.  I went
with a girl from my faculty that I didn't
know.  Living with her was the worst
experience because of her tantrums as a
little girl when she was already 34 years old and had
two children.  I was 21.
Wow.  It's just that
wow.  Absolutely, Lispawi is that
the time you have to invest in
a child so that he or she isn't even
your child,
which is like, I mean, you end the relationship
and also end the relationship with that
boy or girl, whatever it is.  You're absolutely
right, my Dallas, that ex I told you about
started harassing me and making my life
miserable after I broke up with him.
Lideal, ideal, ideal, ideal, ideal
yes.   Ha ha ha.
I was so touched to see your
expression.  Beautiful, because there are
many bad people in this world and
half of us pambisitos are really in
love xd.  I was chatting
with you on the Minecraft stream where he
talks about relationships.  Maybe it deserves
cuedes like that.  I love you, little dalasito.
That's what I was going to tell you.
The name Mar Black Dog sounds familiar, but it
sounds familiar to me from 2020. So, maybe I have
n't seen you in 4 or 5 years.   It
could be, Mar, it could be, right?   It
may be true, I'm not
mistaken.  Seeing, gorgeous, thanks
for being here, sorry.  Thank you
so much.  Um,
what am I saying?  He's
saying something.  Hey, thanks, Argeri,
welcome, by the way, gorgeous.  I
send you a huge kiss.  Hey, tell us
more if you want.  How do you know you
did it right?  Um,
uh, what was I telling you?  I was
saying something, can you remind me that it's
some topic that I left out in the
middle of saying because I know I
said, "Oh, now I'll tell you something,
but what it was.
Can you remind me?"  I said, "I'll
tell you what, but something interrupted me
.
Remember?
[Music]
Hey, Dallas. I'm a freshman in
college. I'm studying graphic design.
The program is 6 years at $200,000 a
year. I met a really cute girl there and she
has this super cute son.
Unfortunately, she's moving away, but we're just
going to keep our distance.
Well, it's always a great idea, it's
a wonderful idea. The next thing
you can do is uh for the next
relationship you have, you can go on my
Discord and you guys flirt with all the
girls on my Discord and you guys have an
instant relationship for 4 years and
then you move to each other's country and get
married and give up everything you
have to get married and be in a
crappy relationship for x amount of time
. That's a really good idea. Um, it's
like the first best idea is what you did on
YouTube and the second best idea is what
I said. a great
wonderful idea. So I  like it.
Thank you very much. No, no, it wasn't the
other girl's friend. Well, the summary of the
other girl's friend is that she was basically
banned for apparently
being the girlfriend of a jerk or being a
jerk herself. I didn't quite understand the story,
but not only did she unfollow me, but she
also deleted me from Discord.
I mean, who's the one who thinks
like me that I paid you so much
money?
That's because her head isn't pretty.
But how do you tell me that if orgasms
are something you can really see in a
person if you know what you're doing,
especially because of the amount they
come in? You said you were going to tell us
how relationships you didn't
like ended.
[Music]
Oh yeah, thanks, Jan, that's exactly what I
wanted to say.
I have a boyfriend, I have some friends
that I get along really well with. My proof is
that they come. Haha, I'll take advantage of what's
left of the tip to tell you that I've been following you
since I was 11 and now I'm 21, I love
Dalasito. You
could have  finished the tip in,
I mean, you could have cut everything that
comes after I follow you from there. You
could have cut it and it would have been
perfect. It would have been perfect.
Andergery, thank you so much, gorgeous. I
invite you to the Discord subscriber chat
. Welcome. I hope to see you more
live and thank you so much. What do you
do, by the way? That's what you do
with your life besides sucking off your
friends.
What do you do? What do you do?
On my way. Gorgeous. And yes, I'll answer you now
, I'll answer you now.
I feel a little uncomfortable sleeping with
him now because in some photos I looked ugly.
Hahaha. Help. Ice Purple Crime.
Oh, yeah, mine. It's true. Look, that
's really weird because usually the
guys who take photos secretly are
guys who take photos secretly of women
that I don't have a friend because men
are better at mmds according to him. But
some friends who had never been
with women came and  They were as wet as
ever when I ate them.
Humbly speaking, face, crying with
laughter. I have to go to sleep tomorrow, I'm getting up
early.
Rest, Pinat, gorgeous, how much, my
girl, and I send you a huge kiss.
Thank you so much, preosa. I appreciate you
so much. I send you a huge kiss,
rest a lot, and I send you a
huge kiss, gorgeous. Rest, precious.
From here, a lot. I hope you have
a good sleep. I feel a lot,
gorgeous. Sending you a kiss, loser.
Thank you so much. What he's
saying, Ma. Usually, men
who do this kind of thing are guys
who do it with women they can't
get. Then, since they can't
get them, they take secret photos of them
for this kind of thing later. But
the point is that he's your boyfriend and
takes secret photos of you. I
come from 500 years in the future. This
world is actually a
pretend game that's in fashion. You are a
memory of the real one  Dallas. If it makes you
feel better, you're still alive in
real life and a celebrity. What does it
feel like to feel alive?
Big kiss, darling. I love you so
much, my boy. I send you a
huge kiss. Big kiss. The truth is,
things are ripe for
science fiction series or movies, and
I really love that kind of
thing. If you know of any movies with
similar plots, it would be great
if you could recommend them to me so I can check them out
. I really love those kinds of
movies. I send you a kiss. Also,
the ones that are, really, the ones that are
comedy too. In fact, I'm going to
recommend a very funny movie. It
's called Idiocracy,
or as it's translated in your country, it's
called Idiocra, right? I think it's
called Idiocra. It's comedy and it's very
funny. It's basically a guy,
well, don't watch trailers or anything, just
search for Idiocracy, it's on Disney Plus, search for
Idiocracy and watch it. It's really good, very
funny, very  Funny. Um, Yan, what
I was saying, I'm going to finish
this point. What have I done to
get out of some
situations that I don't like?
Sometimes this has really happened to me
honestly, okay? But many of you know
that I have diabetes and sometimes I get
sugar crashes, I mean, I've
injected too much insulin and then I
need to eat because I get dizzy and I have to
eat. Obviously being low
on sugar
makes it
so you can't finish. Okay?
So, to get out of some
situations that I haven't liked,
instead of saying, "Hey, I'm not
liking it at all,
I said, oh, I'm low, I have to
eat."
[Laughs]
And that's how I got out of the
situation
and then I had to get down. Of course,
because I wasn't really down, but
to not hurt someone else's feelings
, well I say, I'm low, I have to
eat.
[Laughs]
Literally, literally. That's like my way
of getting out
when I'm not liking it.
But there are times when it has happened to me
True, huh? There are times when it really happens to me
. It really happens to me, and I've
really had to eat and then
continue. The difference is with these
occasions because I've gone to eat and then just
like, no, no, no, no, no more, let's not continue.
But yes,
yes, literally, literally. I knew it would be
liked.
And what you asked, Jan,
about that is that when women
fake an orgasm,
well, they don't continue, right? It's like if I
fake the orgasm and that's it
.
I don't think anyone has ever faked an
orgasm for me, honestly.
Oli, how are you?
I didn't watch the live show until now when I
appeared. I don't know what soap operas they made up
here about me, but just so you know, it
's all slander and I don't get anyone
because I don't touch tits, face, smiling, with
sunglasses, to all those who want to
marry me.
Thank you, gorgeous pig. He loves you
very much, precious. Sending you a kiss, my
boy. Thank you so much, Christopher
Ramos. Thank you so much, precious.  I'm
so happy for you, gorgeous. Look, it
's difficult, eh, as an artist,
eh, to sell commissions of any kind, so
I'm really glad you were able to
do it. Honestly, Christopher, I'm
really glad to know. Cheer up,
now is the time to get
clients because it's
taking work away from all the artists. I send you
a big kiss. Thank you so much
.
Coherence
from 2013.
[Music]
Okay, I'm going with it.
I also feel very strange about this because
our sex is perfect, but now I don't
trust him. It's exaggerated on my
part.
Look, it's weird that he did that
because he could have asked you and
you probably would have given it to him,
right? It's strange that he did it without
asking your permission, honestly.
Look, you can determine two things. One
is that he's attracted to you, it's obvious because otherwise he
would have done that, but it's
true that
the fact that he didn't ask your permission or did
n't ask you directly
is strange. Honestly, it's strange. Mm.
Let's see, considering  He says that most
people end a relationship
badly and don't know how to end it well,
and many people then turn to stalking or
trying to ruin life in x ways.
Yes, it's weird, it's very weird,
honestly. I don't know how that relationship can end
, but most likely it will
end badly, obviously. Now, from
a person who does that kind of thing, I
don't know, it's just that it seems mm
strange to me, honestly. The same thing happens to you later
. I do
n't know. It's just very difficult to say
without knowing more details about it. Me
Exactly. I've been following you from Twitch
and from your videos with the unmentionable,
but it's been a long time since I donated to you.
Sea kiss. It's for me.
I study biology and I work in a call
center. I know there isn't much work,
but my idea has always been to get a
master's degree in genetics and
molecular biology. Thanks Dalasito. I'm already on
Discord, I'm just not very active.
Well, you have to be active, Argeri, it can't
be. You have to be active. For those of you who
aren't active, it's over.  Taking the
over 18 range, so you have to
be active. You can't be
inactive. Jerry, gorgeous, I'm
so grateful for your support. I send you a big kiss,
my girl. Thank you so much for being here.
I appreciate it a lot. And let's see, what
Mar said was, "Anyway, my husband doesn't
like your aggressiveness in certain situations,
but he always agrees with you.  In all of them
we are your faithful pambesitos.  I do love
the way you humiliate the bad guys."
The space was cinema. Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes. It
was really funny, really. It
was really funny, and
this scum deserves more insults, I swear.
This scum deserves more insults,
honestly. Yes, plus a friend sent it to him
and he had a good laugh. I have a friend
who laughs a lot the more times I
start insulting. It's like he
relives it.
Exaggerated.
Oh, how funny. Vision of a
gorgeous Jessica. Yes, that's something she can
give.
Thanks Pirina, I'm really grateful,
right? What's going on in
Peru? I have no idea, really. And
thank you, 10 years, no, don't tell me.
So much time like this in my content already.
Thank you so much, Pirina, I appreciate it
so much.
Big kiss. Thank you so much. I
appreciate you so much. Um,
anyway, what was I saying before
all this? Did I miss anything?  to say? I know I still
have something to say. You
can remind me. It's just that with
so many things coming out, it's hard to keep up the
good work. First donation after
12 years. I'm 22. I want to tell you that
you are a role model. A
super strong person. You persevere, I
love you very much. Will you rate me?
Of course I will. I'm a
little scared to open this. A little
scared,
huh? Very good, very good, very good.
Improving, improving. I like it that way, I
like it that way. Improving. I don't know if your
acne has improved. See if you can
go to a dermatologist and above all, don't
touch your face, not like
I'm doing right now. But hey, I
don't have acne. Um,
but very good, very good. Good job,
good job. Good job. I give you a
7 and a half, eight.
Good job.
Um,
what was I saying before? Guys,
[Music]
more orgasms. Das GPT. More orgasms.
Oh, yeah, Jan, thanks,  Thanks,
gorgeous. Yeah, that thing when a girl
pretends,
the only thing I can do is tell her I
saw them. I'll tell you in the next live. I
send you a big hug. I miss you on
Watgame. We
have to make videos on Watgame. We
have to make videos on Watgame. It's just
that there are a lot of things, really.
Too many, too many things. Kiss me
from anonymous, eh, that I saw them, what, I
don't know what you mean, it's that I don't know who you are
. Since you said anonymous, I don't know
who you are. I send you a little kiss from
anonymous, whoever you are and I hope you
tell me in the next live or whatever.
Remind me of the topic to refresh. Hey,
Christopher, thank you very much.
Um,
yes, Christopher can do a lot of things
, don't don't get too confident,
really, don't get too confident. Don't get too confident,
really don't get too confident, eh, Lisy, no, it
's not a good idea to study that. It's
stupid to study
artificial intelligence. They'll only  scam
money. It's a load of rubbish.
Everything you want to know about
training or how it works, you can
learn for free. Don't
ever pay for that. It's totally
unnecessary. Don't even think about it, Lisy. Don't even think about it
. Seriously, you can do it
on your own, think about your goal
and study whatever the
hell it is on your own. You have no
need to do it. Isabel Snchez,
thank you very much.
Relapse in what?
What happened to you?
And I'm glad they're taking you off whatever
medication it is. I don't know, I don't know what it
is, but I'm glad for...
Thank you for your advice. I think I
like your idea better. I'm going to send my
design degree and my beautiful Milfierda
to hook up with Jan through your
Discord. I'll move in with him, we'll get married, and I'll
let you know if he's as good as he says he is.
Best plan ever. I swear, that's
why I stopped putting men and women together
on my Discord, because there was so much
bad vibes, but exaggerated, to
such a level  absurd, but I swear,
uh, it was unbearable, I promise you.
I felt religious and it's like, really,
really, in the end religion was
right. You have to separate man from
woman because if you don't separate them it becomes
chaos. Chaos. I swear. It's like uh
when they neuter animals because otherwise they
go crazy. Well, the same thing with
my Discord. It's [ __ ] chaos. Well, it
was [ __ ] chaos. And it was really
bad vibes every month and on top of that they were
attacking me, they made me waste my
time with their nonsense and their
stupid dramas. It's like, "It's enough, Sol,
I'm here to have a good time, not to
listen to little dramas about why I don't
know who told me I don't know how many and I
sent nudes to I don't know who and this person
is telling me I don't know how many."
Yeah, it's enough. I swear, it was
unbearable, unbearable, horrible. Those of you
who were there at that time
know that. I know  There are some people here in
the chat. Look, this Cintia, she
knows. There are some real dramas. There are some real
dramas. And if you know what the worst part, which makes me
the angriest of all, is that many of the people
in the chat now have been
dating girls they
met in the chat for years,
some of them even married.
[Laughs]
It's like they don't give a [ __ ], literally. They don't give a
[ __ ]. On top of that, having years of
long-distance relationships, everyone flirting
with everyone, bad vibes
everywhere, literally, bad vibes
everywhere,
women fighting, fighting
to be the center of attention of a
specific guy who was provoking
the attention of a lot of women,
because there were more women than men,
which is really rare, but it happened in my
Discord chat. And then every now and then
some guys would come in and become the
center of attention of the women, right? And
there were some who were fighting and
fighting among themselves and really bad vibes
because they were fighting over a [ __ ] random guy, and
I also remember one,  Oh, what a
[ __ ] clown that guy is. I remember
one who had a really deep voice.
Some of you know what I'm talking about.
And it turns out that guy, it turns out that
guy, while he was trying to
attract all the girls on Discord, it
turns out that the son of a [ __ ] had a girlfriend
and a close relationship, of course, he had a
girlfriend
and his girlfriend caught him one day when he had a
ton of different chats with a bunch of people on
Discord,
and she made him delete Discord and I don't
remember what. And then after a
while I found out about this controversy,
okay? And it's really funny, really funny.
I found out about this controversy and a while
later he broke up with his girlfriend and
tried to get back in and it's like,
"No, get out of here, you're not coming in here anymore,
Satan.  I don't want you here anymore." I
swear, okay? I mean, it was a period of time, and well, for
a few years now
, there's been a separation of assets, there's
separation. Women go to a chat room,
okay? In my personal area, and then the
men go to another chat room.
Nasty. Hahaha. Sorry. Well, I'll tell you
when I face the situation with my
boyfriend. I think that's the only thing left for me to
do.
Kisses, my big one, mine, gorgeous. Um, it
's really difficult, honestly.
Tell me the conversation about what he's
saying to you or what reason he gives you for
doing those things to you secretly. But yeah, no
, I don't know if he became a hater or not, but
it created a lot of bad vibes and
also a lot of women fought among themselves
because they were interested in the same
guy. It's like, man, I mean, no, you don't hear
anything, dude. I spend all my
live streams saying, "Don't have
long-distance relationships.
And you guys are dedicated to having
long distance relationships on my Discord.   I
swear to you.
Ridiculous, ridiculous, but ridiculous,
ridiculous, ridiculous, ridiculous.  Um, and that
's it, it was like separation,
separation.  Men to one side,
women to the other side and that's it.  Since
then,
as far as I know, there have been no more problems or
very strange ones, because I haven't
received any more since I made the
gender division, and
after continuing the gender division, I haven't
heard anything, right?  It's that they
always reached me in the end, one way
or another, they end up reaching me,
someone ends up telling me, but honestly,
since we have finished separating
genres there have been no more problems.
That's not
some kind of drama.
Deca confirmed.
Decimated.
I miss dramas now.  No, no, no.  I
don't miss them because they wasted
so much of my time, I swear.  No, no, no,
no.  And on top of that, it's no, no.
Hello.  I'm looking for visiting bread.  Requirements that
she be a woman optional.
Maxim, a big kiss.
Big kiss.  Thanks, pig.
Very handsome.
Dallas, but then you become homo.
Although gays don't cause problems.  If you
're completely based, you should detonate
the chats if what was given is over.
Like a real crack.  Greetings from
Yugoslavia, fleeing the country due to
problems with Noah Tinder.   As
?  What happened to you, pig?   Are
you really in trouble?
Big kiss.  Beautiful you very much
huge pig.  Thank you so much.
Ruzaki a big kiss.  Thanks a lot
.  Well, this is nothing more
than thank you very much.
No, no, it's not that
it's real between men, that is, between
gays, and sometimes there are bad vibes, but they
are not that common.  The truth is, they are not
that common.  Sometimes there are, but they are not
that common.
And
the thing
is that if men do things
among themselves,
nothing really happens because
men have the grinder and they really
get even quickly.  So they are not very
given to having long-distance relationships.  In
fact, if you are more than 300m away from them,
chances are you don't have a
relationship with that person.  So,
between men it doesn't matter, there really aren't
those long-distance relationships
usually.
But she went to Italy with a
loan, ran out of money, and had to
ask for a job.  He started to cry
because he was ashamed to ask for it.  He
called me selfish and cried in the street because I
didn't give him 50 and because I went to Paris with my
money.
hallucinating the truth hallucinating hallucinating
, it's not that it's that the
truth is that the majority of
relationships end badly the vast majority
of relationships end badly and on top of that he
's telling me that he has two children and it
turns out that he's leaving with a loan.
How do you even have children if you don't
even have the money to take
care of them?  These are the things you
say.
Well, two IQs, literally two IQs.
If you tell me a little more about the gossip
because it seems that the matter is interesting
, eh?  It's interesting.  Anyway,
as I was saying,
if men want something with someone, they have it
with someone who is at most 300
m away.  So what does it matter?  Know?  They do
n't have that level of drama.  And among
women, while it is true that
most women are B,
at the same time that most
women are B,
women expect that 99% of the time the
other woman will pass her by, so
that the two of them are like that
and since the two of them stay like that, they do
nothing at all.  So there's no bad
feeling either because they end up having
absolutely nothing.  Literal, literal.
Confirm, confirm the women I saw in the
chat that you are like that.  Confirm, confirm,
confirm because you know it is so.
Hello, Dalasito.  I woke up at a good
time.
Mara Otero, gorgeous,
smiling
from a very old age, but a goddess.  Yes, today's
talk is very fun, really.
Today the talk is very fun.  Today the
talk is very fun.  If you're just
getting here, you have to watch the live show
after the beginning because it's
so entertaining.  Too much too
funny.
Yes, now all the B girls in the chat, they
are all the ones who make the first move.   I have
n't met
two or three
women in my life who
behave like men, that is,
they are the ones who look for and make the
move. Aha,
don't you miss the
PowerPoint presentations halfway around the world in VC because there was
a drama?  How did they date 20 girls with
screenshots that the same guy
spoke to them?  Then they'll ban you and the chat
on Twitter.  Those were good from
What PowerPoint?
PowerPoint presentations.  I don't remember that.  Yuki,
what kind of PowerPoint presentations are
we talking about?
No, no, I don't remember right now.
And yes, no, the truth is that
yes, there were some jokes on Twitter, but they
usually didn't transcend Twitter.
Usually they were more internal ones that
came to me through you, deika, from I do
n't know what.  There was a
PowerPoint presentation, about what?  I don't remember.  I
lived that.
I don't remember having experienced that.
Yes, it seems that you all remember, but
I don't remember.
About Alexa stealing drawings.
Oh, that sounds familiar, huh?  This was
one who was selling drawings to
people in the chat.
That story sounds familiar, huh?
That story sounds familiar to me.
That story sounds familiar to me.  But that happened in
like 2020, right?   It's been a
while since I heard
that name.
My God, what was that woman?
She amassed over $600 in commissions, you son
of a [ __ ].  Yes, I want to remember
some of that.  It's true.
Do you still have that
PowerPoint presentation or not?
Do you have it?  Send it, please.  Let's
see it here live.  Let's see it
here live.
Mandala, mandala.  Let's watch it
live here so that the poor normies who were
n't there during the Discord chat's peak can
hear about the dramas that were happening
on Discord.  Send it, send it,
send it.
[Music]
Hello.  A. This is my first tip.  I've been following you for
10 years.  Three days ago was my birthday.  My
name is Vanessa.  And you say hello to me.
Kiss my big one.  Selen Vanessa is
gorgeous.  Well, thank you very much
because you saw me.  Thank you
so much, gorgeous.  Thanks a lot.   Where are
you from?  What do you do for a living?
Tell us a little bit if you want.  That's how
we know you.  Look how beautiful it is.
Thank you very much.   You
're not telling me that Balu became a
hater.  Don't tell me.  You break my
heart.
Balu became a hater.   It just
can't be.  Seriously.   It
makes me feel like I'm starting to cry.
I start to cry.  Hey,
what were
your networks like?  I don't
remember what his name was.
Balu became the girlfriend of a girl from the chat
and then disappeared.  I think he's a hater.
Now we stop talking to each other because it's become
very toxic.
Don't tell me, don't
tell me.
Don't tell me.
How sad,
how sad.  These things make me want to
cry, huh?
These things make me want to cry.  I'm
serious.
How sad,
how sad.
Yes, but I didn't really
care that much about this payer, to be honest.  She wasn't
as active as Valu.  Valu was
very active, but it is true that she
disappeared from one day to the next and around
she disappeared.
But what a pity, really.
How sad.
Let's check it out.  Does anyone have an
Instagram account that I can send
private messages to?  Do you have it, Yuki or Deik?  Do
either of you have it?  Do you know how
her Instagram is?  I look at it, I look at it quickly.
If he doesn't appear or stops following me,
then he's obviously become a hater
.
You were blocked.  Oh, what are you saying?
How sad.  How sad.  Why would anyone
do that kind of thing?  I don't understand.
What is the objective?
What sad?  I um eh every now and then
I see accounts that I used to be fond of and
suddenly I see that out of nowhere they
become crazy again and I'm like, "What
exactly did I do to you to make you
feel like this?"  I don't know, there are
very impressionable people in this life.  I don't
know, I don't know.
Hello, Dalasito.  In my case, I've had
very few interactions with people in the
chat about commissions.  They all agreed
that I'm earning a lot so far.  The most
random one was Suricata asking me for a day in a
Made costume xdddd.
Big kiss, James.  No, no, the chat
cannot be used to view
commissions,
so you should not go out with anyone in
the chat, only with me.  Haha, just kidding.
Haha, but if you want it's not a joke.
Anyway, I wanted to ask you, how do you manage
to concentrate and study something without getting
distracted?  Dallas is a bit hard for me lately
.  Yada Bernout.  Well, Vaxira,
because what I study is because it
really interests me.  What doesn't
interest me is very difficult for me.  I have
an idea for Urixia.  Let's see if you like it.
What if users could choose
between reading it or using Loquendo to
play it as an audiobook when they
want to have it in the background?  That it can be
paused and rewinded.  As with music.
The fragments can now be paused, huh?
And I'm going to put that as a
premium fan feature and then they become haters.   I
don't know how you handle such disappointments.
The biggest fans are sometimes the worst
.
It really makes me feel sorry to know
this.  I don't know.  Look, I just got told about her
Instagram.  I'm going to say, I said, "I'm going to
France and today my husband told me about opening
a Mexican restaurant there. He's
French and I'm Mexican. I'm an accountant,
but my studies aren't valid, so I
'm thinking about what to do and my
food is delicious, expensive. Crying with
laughter.
But what do your studies have to do with it?
Opening a restaurant. You don't
need a degree for that, easy. Let's
see, wait a minute.
Yes, she unfollowed me.
How sad.
How sad,
how sad.
Well, she'll know what she does with her
life.
She'll know what she does with her life.
She'll know.
I find it very sad, really,
because this girl, I remember I
dedicated a ton of videos to her. Uh, in
fact, she was the very first person
who gave me 100,000 bits.
The very first
Pau. Balu and I were thick as thieves. We
had a group together. We talked
daily, but suddenly they
got together and started liking me.
When I confronted them, they acted
crazy. Then  I found out it was because
Balu was jealous of me and I, what?
Jealous of what, of what thing, jealous of what,
right? And also, I think she changed her
Instagram or something because I think I've
spoken to this girl privately before
and I've gone to check the messages,
but I don't have any. I mean, it says
invite to the chat. I do
n't know, I have no idea. I don't know if she
deleted the account or what,
but yeah.
Pray,
pray.
It's real.
Yes, yes, I know, I know who
Paulina is. I know who she is. I know who she is.
Yes, yes, I know they're different.
Well, but whatever they've done in their
relationships is, I mean, I don't care.
I don't have any relationship with this
girl, I just don't know. I mean, I
feel sorry for her, right? I mean, I don't feel
sorry for the money she gave me
at all, eh, but more for the
memory, I mean, she's a person who
was so active, eh, that I don't know, it
was fun  talk to her. So,
I always remember the people who
are here, I always remember the
people who donate to me, I always remember
the things you tell me, the
gossip, stuff like that. And suddenly
knowing that someone
becomes like that is like
, well, you
know? I don't understand this PowerPoint. I
don't understand PowerPoint. What do I
have to understand about here? Because I don't
understand anything.
[Music]
Nah, don't worry, I didn't promote myself.
They contacted me. In the chat I
just throw out random memes, I sneak into
other people's VC conversations and I annoyed
Dek's patience in Monopoly. Honestly,
one has a great time in the chat. Over 18
recommended 1310.
Thanks James, gorgeous. Many losses, I
send you a big kiss.
Thank you so much. I
love you so much. Thanks for being
here. Thanks Handy. I send you a
big kiss, gorgeous. Uh, that's
your name written on it. I remember the robot
from Fallout.  Thanks, Celan Duarte.
Um,
thanks, Daniel, gorgeous. And uh,
thanks, Anonymous. Um, I'm going to add that
as a premium feature, so you can
read the entire
chapter of the book until the end. That's
what I'm going to do so I can put it in the
background for you. You can't do it without premium
because otherwise you'll avoid the ads
that appear between pages.
I mention studies because it won't be
easy to find an accounting job
there, since the laws are different, and that's why
I asked you if I was studying something
different like already or something related,
but my husband also gave me the option
of a Mexa restaurant. Let's
see, Lis, opening a restaurant
could be a good idea. It all depends on the
location where you open it, how you
manage it, it
depends on many things, because it
can also go wrong; it's never a
guaranteed investment. It's a shame that they
treated them this way, knowing the great community they
were in, where they had the
opportunity to surround themselves with good
people, and they blew it completely.
Having a partner ruins everything. I'm sorry
for you and for  Yuki.
Okay, I mean, we weren't friends either,
but it was like, I don't know, memories
of, I do
n't know, I mean, there are people who
suddenly appear here, I don't know, let's see, someone
from that time who appears from time to
time, Janet, for example, Janet
appears here from time to time, very
occasionally, but it's like I have
affection for her and she's a person I have very
good memories of and money has
nothing to do with it. Because, I mean, there are people
who donated more, people who donated less. It's
totally irrelevant. For me, the
important thing was that they were like a group of
friends you hang out with,
literally. So, it was literally
that, it was a group of friends
you hang out with.
And the hours I spent playing, there
was a time when my whole
life was talking
and of course, knowing that I don't know is like I do
n't know, very sad, very sad, really.
Then, there was also another disgusting sick guy
,
this guy was really crazy
, who started talking to a
lot of people. I never liked this guy.
Well, uh, I must say. I always thought he was
a clown, but I kind of tolerated him,
right? And that guy
started making up his whole life,
like, he made up stories that never
happened. The guy is crazy
.
Um,
the best thing I did was ban
him, honestly. But he also
started talking [ __ ] to other people and
on top of that, he started convincing others
by sucking their ears off. Even though he
obviously wasn't crazy
, to be honest. But yeah. Let's see, the
PowerPoint, I don't understand
this PowerPoint. Ah, I get it, I get it, I get it
, I get it. Okay, I get it
, I get it, I get it. I mean, he
started selling
art
to people in my chat, and what he
was really doing was copying
other people's art and changing a few
stupid things,
and on top of that, he made them worse.
Look at this. I mean, this is having this, this
is being shameless, shameless,
huh?  Look at this,
[Music]
Dalasito. It has nothing to do with the
topic, but I want you to know that you
saved my life. Thanks to you, I got out of
the depression I was in and
recently started going to the gym and I
feel happy. Thanks for all your
advice. You're the best. I love you so much.
Thank you, Mara Botero, gorgeous, I arrived
very lost and I send you a big kiss
, my girl. Thank you so much for
being here.
Well, I had a scholarship to enroll in Italy.
She too, since it was for the same city,
we went together as long as she had money to
rent the room, but then she told me that she
really only had a loan of
200,000 MXN and now she only had 60,000 MXN. We
were getting there.
I'm truly amazed by people, many
people from TAM who think that the
solution to their life is to go to a
European country. I
mean, these people are like they don't
think, I swear, they take out loans
like you said, they go into debt to  Go
to a European country and then have the
exact same situation as they have
in their country. Shitty jobs or not
getting a job at all or ending up
working as cleaners to have the
same lifestyle they would have in their
country. I mean, things that I will never understand, I
swear, things that I will never understand
the logic of people who do that kind
of thing, I promise you, but well, yeah,
it's that I can't even help them, because as
someone who already does this kind of thing, I ca
n't help them in any way.
But anyway, like I was saying, the
point is that if you're in my
Discord chat and you dedicate yourself to trying to do
business with my Discord chat, you're going to
get banned. It's that simple, okay? You
can't dedicate yourself to entering the
Discord chat to try to do business.
Go there to socialize and have a good time.
If you're going to try to take advantage of the
good people inside to try to
get money from them, you're going to get
banned. And well, this sick piece of [ __ ]
basically not only did she do this
[ __ ], but  On top of that, they were
copies of other drawings, where all the chick
did was change her hair a little
or things like that. Look at this
drawing, literally what the shameless woman
did was just change her hair.
Here what she did was zoom in, no,
sorry, zoom out, and draw a little of
her skirt, which is also really badass.
Ah, no, no, yes, yes, yes. Literally what I
did was draw the skirt. I mean,
pathetic, but pathetic, right? And then this
other one. I zoomed in on this one. In this one, she
zoomed in on this one and that's it. And what I
did was change her hair. I mean, it's
like the only thing I knew how to do was
change her hair, but then it was an
absolute and total copy, but an absolute
copy, right? Then this,
ah, yes, these were literally more
copies. I mean, what does this have to do
with a realistic drawing? I
have no idea. I think I copied it and
probably put some filter on it
instead of who knows what. I have no idea. And
then what  They paid him, like, a total of
$657.
Crazy. He made that in
a couple of weeks.
Exaggerated.
Oh, and these were the drawings he had
done. Most of them were of
people over 18.
And this,
oh, yeah, this was the ultra-heavy chick
dedicating herself. Oh my God, please look at this
. What a [ __ ] cringe.
Are you guys being totally DNx?
Remember the guy I told you about before who
had a girlfriend, hid her, and
dedicated himself to hitting on all the
over 18 chicks?
Well, this was a girl who was
totally this guy.
[Laughs]
Well, anyway, going back to the
original gossip, going back to the original gossip,
thank goodness I knew men from women
because
the real sicko started talking to
everyone privately and in the group
saying, "I talked to you privately about the
drawing." And there was no response. More
nonsense. Spending your  money, better
buy me a drawing. I mean, if you want to
spend your money, better buy me a
drawing. Let him buy me a drawing. What are
you doing and not buy me drawings? Don't
be shy. Pen the drawing. If you buy
a drawing, I'll treat you. Does
anyone want to buy drawings?
Now you'll have to buy me a
drawing.
Later this will be more conversations.
Look at this. I mean, he starts talking to
someone directly, but directly,
saying, preparing me to study with
water at home. You'll say, "Why is this
rubber writing to me privately?"  I have
the answers to make you a
proposal.  It's that I'm currently dedicated
to making commissioned drawings.  I
would love to offer my services to
you, beautiful young lady.  I would be interested in knowing
the prices.  This chick
is really a scoundrel, huh?  I swear.
He was a complete scoundrel,
but a complete scoundrel.  Exaggerated.  And the
worst thing is that he also dedicated himself to making
decals.
Okay, okay.  In the end.  Uh, really, within
this whole world of artists, I'm telling you this
very seriously.  It's rare for a person to
be right in the head, really.
Rare, rare, rare is the person who is
right in the head.  They are usually
not good people from here.  No, good
from here you have already seen the case
yesterday, if further away you have already seen it.  And
besides,
many of these people are mentally ill.
Many people do these silly things.
Exaggerated, huh?  Exaggerated.
Anyway, guys.  Anyway, I'm leaving feeling amused
because it was a very funny live show,
really.  It's been a lot of fun being
here with you all today talking about things.
The truth is that I
really liked it.  It's been really, really fun.
I hope you had a great time
too.  It has been moments, it has
really been important memories,
but I am also a little sad
seeing
what happened to Balu.  How sad, man, how sad.
How is that going to be?  Yes, things
you have to live with.
What a shame, what a pity.  Nothing, guys,
I love you all so much.  Thank you for being here
for the love.  Een Selen, thank you so much,
beautiful Vanessa.  Thank you so much,
loser.  Big kiss, you've
gone a long way.  I don't know if you'd like to,
but I'd really like you to react
to a video that I find very funny.   It
was in Leiden, a woman stole socks
and the security guard fell several times alone
and dropped his baton four times in 20
seconds.  The video lasts 20 seconds.
Okay,
let's see if I can find it because if not, you've
sent me a link.   I
don't know if you can tell me the title of the video.
At least I'll try to look it up here on
YouTube before I leave.
Tell me, hey, Vanessa, gorgeous,
where's the video?
Yes, you'll tell me more about the dramas in another live broadcast
,
right?  And in general I never wanted to know about
the dramas because that's how it happened.
I just want to have fun, nothing more, I don't
want to be any nonsense.
Send me the video, Vanessa, I can't
watch it.  I don't know where it is.
Send it to me and I'll see it, gorgeous.  And
next time put less if you
want, you can put more messages if
you want,
but send it to me.  Handy, gorgeous,
thank you very much.
Thank you so much, gorgeous.  I send you a
huge kiss, beautiful.  She is here,
beautiful, very beautiful.  Thanks a lot.
We laugh now, but we didn't before.  Already.   I
mean, can someone find me that
video Vanessa is talking about?
I want to react before I leave
to honor the amazing chat she
posted.
Thanks, kid.  Send me.
Tell me the title of the video or something,
Vanessa, please.   I
don't know how to find it.
Let's see how I can find it.
Let's see, a
woman
steals socks.
[Music]
Yeah, most artists are
extremely whiny and self-centered,
especially lately with Ya.  I'm an
editor and I know that eventually Ya
will edit videos easily and that's why I'm going to
cry.   I'm
not looking for alternatives.
Thanks Eclipse, gorgeous.  Hey,
darling, thank you so much my girl.
Kiss, my big, precious one.  Incredible super team
, thank you so much, gorgeous.
What a pleasure it is to always talk to you.  I can't
always give to you, but I always
see you.
Greetings to you and Alici.  Big kisses and thanks
for your advice.
Thank you, gorgeous.  I send you a
big kiss, beautiful.  Thank you so much
for being here, Liy, really.
Thank you so much, darling.  I followed a
lot.  Beautiful, really, thank you so much
for being here.  See that
I love you a lot.  Thank you so much,
gorgeous.  Seriously, thank you so much.   I
send you a huge kiss.  Thank you so much
, really.
Huge kiss.  And Vanessa, gorgeous, I'm
waiting before the end of the stream
to react to the video you
told me to watch, but you didn't send it to me
.  I don't know where it is.
How can I see it?  I've searched for
mujerid@socks, but I don't see it.   I
don't see it.  I just don't know where it is.   I
don't know where it is.
and has disappeared.
Does anyone have that video?  Do you know what
video he's talking about?
And Eclipse, I send you a
big kiss, gorgeous.  Yes, although
video editing still has some work to do, to be honest.
Thank you, Isabel Snchez.
Thank you so much, darling.  I send you
a huge kiss.  You have none of that.
You're the one who puts it on yourself.  No one
else, right?
No, it's just that Vanessa doesn't talk, she's not in
the chat or anything.  He's not in the chat, nor did he
say anything else.
Well, I'm going to leave because
if Vanessa isn't talking, it's not like
the chat has disappeared either, I don't know where it
is, honestly.  I don't know.  Well,
Vanessa, gorgeous, huh?  I send you a
big kiss, loser.  Her name was
Vanessa, right?  With Celine, I'm not
mistaking the person, am I?  Yes,
yes, her name is Vanessa.  Yes, he said it.
Encelen, I
don't know how to pronounce the name.
I'm saving up so I can make you
dance with the chair at Christmas like I used to do a long time ago.   Ha ha ha.  I
don't know if you remember,
man.  Of course, Lisy.  Big kiss
, darling.  Thank you
so much.  I send you a big kiss,
beautiful.  Thank you so much,
beautiful Liy.  Thank you so much, gorgeous.
Thank you so much for being here.  Alan, I have
n't been able to extend it for a long time.
In fact, the last one I did was on
Stardeos.  Look, the last one I did was
on Stardos.  I just remembered.  Uh, yeah, it
would be nice to make an extendable one one
day, really.  It would be great to make
an extendable one day.
Honestly, that
would be nice.
Well, one day I will do it, one day I will do it, one day it will
start suddenly, otherwise
guys, I will send you a big kiss.
I'm going to bed.  Thank you for being on
today's livestream.  I hope you had a
great time.
In the next live stream we'll see the video
Vanessa told us about because she hasn't
reappeared.   I
tried searching for it, I couldn't
find it, and it never appeared again. He did
n't send me links, tell me the
title of the video, or anything.
So, I don't know, we'll see in the
next live.
Guys, thanks for being on
today's live stream, I love you all so much.
Thank you for the affection, for the love, for
being so wonderful.  I hope
you are entertained, that we have had a
fun time here and I will see you
next time.  There is a lot of writing,
really.  Thank you so much for being
here.
And
how sad I feel, I had a great time on
today's live show, huh?  But I
also feel very sad about what you
have told me.  How sad.  Without further ado,
guys, I love you all.  Thanks for
being here, right?  He loves you
very much.  I send you a super
big kiss.  Thanks for stopping by and
see you in the next live, guys.  He
loves you all so much.  Mu, until next time.
I love you all so much.  Thank you so much,
darling, for that number one spot along
with Lizy, gorgeous.  Thanks to both of you a
lot.  Thank you,
beautiful Jessica.  Thanks Yang, handsome.
Thank you, beautiful Liy.  Thank you,
beautiful Mariana.  I love you so much, don't be afraid,
I send you a big kiss goodbye
and I'm losing you so much,
my boy.  A big kiss, go to
work, gorgeous.  Te qui un
monto y espinat perdiosa.  I love you so much
my girl.  I send you a big kiss,
gorgeous, beautiful.  Thank you, my
beautiful one.  I send you a huge kiss,
gorgeous.  You tell me the gossip
next time.  Yuk my cousins, that much,
much.  Beautiful, gorgeous.  I hope
you never get one.  You couldn't,
beautiful Roman, have many children.
Thank you, beautiful Mariana.  Thank you Mar
Black.  Wait for the next live stream and I'm
also sending you a big kiss, guys.
Lots of subscribers and we'll see you in the
next live.